### Passing Marks

In a class of NN students, a class test was held. The ithith student scored AiAi​ marks. It is also known that the scores of all students were **distinct**.

A student passes the test if their score is **strictly greater** than the passing mark. Given that exactly XX students pass in the test, find the **maximum** value of the passing mark of the test.

### Input Format

-   The first line of input will contain a single integer TT, denoting the number of test cases.
-   Each test case consists of multiple lines of input.
    -   The first line of each test case contains two space-separated integers NN and XX — the number of students in the class and the number of students that passed in the test.
    -   The next line contains NN space-separated integers A1,A2,…,ANA1​,A2​,…,AN​, where the ithith integer denotes the marks of the ithith student.

### Output Format

For each test case, output on a new line, the **maximum** value of the passing mark of the test.

### Constraints

-   1≤T≤1001≤T≤100
-   1≤N≤1001≤N≤100
-   1≤X≤N1≤X≤N
-   1≤Ai≤1001≤Ai​≤100
-   All elements of array AA are **distinct**.

### Sample 1:

```
Input
3
2 2
5 1
4 1
5 1 7 4
4 3
15 70 100 31
```

```
Output
0
6
30
```

### Explanation:

**Test case 11:** Since both students pass the test, both students scored greater than passing marks. The maximum value of passing marks can be 00, as both students have marks greater than 00.

**Test case 22:** Only one student passes the test. Thus, the third student has passed the test by scoring 77 marks. The passing marks of the test is 66.

**Test case 33:** Since three students pass the test, students 2,3,2,3, and 44 scored greater than passing marks. The maximum value of passing marks can be 3030, three students have marks greater than 3030.
